[docs]: Add specification and config docs (#9)
txtdirect/website: content/docs/specification/content.md

- Key: **from**
- Permitted values: "simplified regex"

> - Example: "from=/$2/$1/\$3"

Reviewer: Why the change?

Author: Just like the last time in the previous PR. It's because of VSCode's Markdown extension.

- Permitted values: "txtv0"
- Example: "v=txtv0"

---

# Proxy Type (experimental)

## Description

> The `proxy` type let's you to proxy your requests to a specific endpoint. It reads the endpoint from record's `to=` field and reverse proxies the requst to the endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `proxy` type let's you proxy your requests to a specific upstream. It reads the upstream from the record's `to=` field and reverse proxies the request.
```

I think upstream is more widely used. Another option would be backend.
